Alluvial aquifers can occupy sector-shaped domains bounded radially by
Moderately high pumping-induced velocity can introduce an inertial
Flux and storage lag parameters represent high-speed inertia and
Time-shifted constitutive relation between flux and head gradient
First-order lagged flow equation
Governing equation with a Dirac pumping term
Laplace-domain governing equation and boundaries
Fourier sine modes satisfying stream-side conditions
Algebraic drawdown in the Hankel domain
Time-dependent drawdown in Fourier sine-Hankel space
Time-dependent radial drawdown for every Fourier sine mode
Transient physical-space drawdown in radius angle and time
Fourier cosine-Hankel drawdown solution for the barrier-barrier wedge
Two stream volumetric flow-rate histories
Individual and total stream depletion ratios
The classical Darcian wedge solution of Chan et al. 1978
Time-dependent normalized parameter sensitivities
First-order percentage contributions to drawdown uncertainty
Boundary-dependent drawdown and stream-recharge behavior
S-shaped storage-lag response resembling dual-porosity or unconfined
In the modeled wedge, dominant flux lag creates wave-like drawdown and